Restrict import of button from mui (#3391)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/chilly-trams-raise.md

---
"@comet/eslint-config": major
---

> Prevent `@mui/material` icon imports
> 
> Buttons used in Comet DXP applications should match the Comet CI.
> Use buttons from `@comet/admin` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add import restriction for MUI's `Button`

Buttons used in Comet DXP applications should match the Comet CI.
Use `Button` from `@comet/admin` instead.
```
